Rakuten Presentation

Rakuten Info:
Five principles of success:
1. Always Improve, Always Advance
2Passionately Professional
H ypothesize → Practice → Validate → Shikumika
Maximize Customer Satisfaction
Speed!! Speed!! Speed!!

成功のコンセプト
1. 常に改善、常に前進
2. Professionalismの徹底
3. 仮説→実行→検証→仕組化
4. 顧客満足の最大化
5. スピード!!スピード!!スピード!!

Morning meeting held on evry monday morning helps to share information regarding all Rakuten businesses.

Vinay Varekar
Good morning, my name is Vinay Rajaram Varekar.
おはようございます 、私の名前はVinay Rajaram Varekarです。

I am from System development department.
私は システム デヴォォプメンタ 部門です

My mentor is Deepak San. He has helped me for all my queries regarding office and daily life.
私のメンターはDeepak氏です。彼は、オフィスと日常生活に関するすべての質問に対して私を助けてくれました。

I. Work report of 3 months:
1.	First thing I learned are principles of success are written by Mikitani San. The five principles are a. Always Improve, Always Advance, b. Passionately Professional, c. Shikumika, d. Maximize Customer Satisfaction, e. Speed!! Speed!! Speed!!
1. 私が学んだのは成功の原則であることが、三谷さんによって書かれたことです。 5つの原則はaです。常に改善する、常に進める、b。情熱的なプロフェッショナル、c。志美香、d。顧客満足度の最大化、e。速度！！速度！！速度！！

2.	Asakai the morning meeting helps getting the information about what is happening in the Rakuten business around the world.
朝会の朝刊は、世界中の楽天ビジネスで何が起こっているのかを知るのに役立ちます。

3.	RAP also helps to get the information regarding everything happening in offices around the world.
RAPは、世界中のオフィスで起きているすべてのことに関する情報を得るのにも役立ちます.

4.	We were assigned to tasks related to bank website to understand the flow of bank project.

銀行プロジェクトの流れを理解するため、銀行ウェブサイトに関連するタスクに割り当てられました。

5.	Also, bank held morning meeting to share information related to bank internally. また、銀行は内部的に銀行に関する情報を共有するために朝会議を開催した。


II. Introduction of Rakuten bank:
1.	Rakuten bank is an online internet bank.
楽天銀行はオンラインインターネットバンクです。

2.	All its banking procedures of verification are handled through its website.
検証の銀行手続きはすべてウェブサイトを通じて処理されます。

3.	Banking is supported through website and mobile app for Android and IOS.
銀行は、AndroidとIOSのウェブサイトとモバイルアプリを通じてサポートされています。


4.	It offers various loans.
様々なローンを提供しています

5.	We can play lottery from website and app.
ウェブサイトやアプリから宝くじをすることができます。




III. University project:
1.	Name of my university is Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute.
私の大学の名前はVeermata Jijabai Technological Instituteです。

2.	My project topic was Chatbot.
私のプロジェクトトピックはChatbotでした。

3.	My project guide was Prof. Dhore.
私のプロジェクトガイドはDhore教授でした



4.	Software required were python and tensorflow.
必要なソフトウェアはpythonとtensorflowでした

5.	Code was written in python and executed on tensorflow.
コードはPythonで書かれ、テンソルフローで実行されました。

6.	Chatbot was based on the intents.
Chatbotは意図に基づいていました

7.	Algorithms used was LSTM with RNN.
使用されたアルゴリズムは、RNNを伴うLSTMであった

8.	Algorithms helps to identify the intent of the user text input.
アルゴリズムは、ユーザのテキスト入力の意図を識別するのに役立つ

9.	Based on the intent the bot gives the reply to the user.
意図に基づいて、ボットはユーザーに返信します。

10.	Accuracy of chatbot mainly depends on the quality and quantity of data.
チャットボットの精度は、主にデータの質と量に依存します。



