[4:56 PM] Khedkar, Rahul a
3 months learning:
I have three main task and one additional task

Main Tasks:

Japanese language study:
learnt 230 kanji characters
learnt rakuten vocabulary
learnt minna no nihongo beginner part one
OJT tasks:
I created FES development Environment
Created English manuals for building FES development environment.
Completed FES arch. Learning task.
Understanding bank rules:
Attending meetings on time
Completing to-do tasks from GHR and bank HR
SECOM training
Additional Task:

Android Development (Weightage 10%):

Environment Building for development.
Working on sample application development.
Introduction of rakuten bank:
Rakuten bank is an internet bank which provides the facility of remote account opening and handling all transaction over the internet. Rakuten has website as well as android/iOS App support.

Services Provided by rakuten bank:

Foreign currency deposit
Overseas remittance
Card loan and housing loan
Big.toto and lottery
Easy to use card services etc.
Benefits of rakuten bank:

24x7 available ATM service
Free ATM withdrawal (max 7 per month) and other bank transfer (max 3 per month)     
Earn and spend rakuten super points
Money Transfer using Facebook id and email address(MailMoney)
Finger print authentication to smartphone application(Convenient).
​
[4:56 PM] Khedkar, Rahul a
Introduction of internship project:
Title: Quality analysis of mango fruit using computer vision.
Description: To classify mangoes in 4 grades with respect to surface damage and estimate their shelf by visual inspection.
Procedure:
              -Detection of a mango using CNN
              -Finding blemishes using Otsu’s algorithm and k-means clustering algorithm
              -Classify in 4 grade
              -Using color based segmentation detect shelf life.
Application:
              -In food industry for quality analysis
              -Import export industry.
3ヶ月間学び:
(3かげつーかんまなび)
3っつのメインタスクと１つの追加タスクがある。
                                          　　ついか
メインタスク:
日本語のべんきょう:
-230かんじをならいました。
-楽天用語集をならいました
らくてんようごしゅう
- みんなの日本語初級1ならいました。
                にほごしょきゅう
2.OJT タスク:
  １- FES開発環境を作成するために私は色々なのソフトウェアをインストールしました.
                    FESuかいはつかんきょうをさくせいするためにわたしわいろいろなのソフトウェアをインストールしました。
              ２-英語のマニュアル作った
              えいご　　　　　　つくった。
        Or 私はインストールされたソフトウェアのための英語のマニュアルを作った
              3-FES 勉強タスクを完了しました。
              ＦＥＳべんきょうたすくをかんりょうしました。
